Add legacy `safe-core-sdk` migration guide (#291)
safe-global/safe-docs: safe-core-sdk/protocol-kit/reference/migrating/v1.md

> # Protocol Kit: Migrating from `safe-core-sdk`

Reviewer: Same title question as above.

> This guide references the major changes between `safe-core-sdk` and `protocol-kit v1` to help those migrating an existing app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide references the major changes between `safe-core-sdk` and `protocol-kit` v1 to help those migrating an existing application.
```

> **It's recommended to go through this guide before migrating to `protocol-kit v2`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Follow this guide before migrating to `protocol-kit` v2.
```

You can remove `@safe-global/safe-core-sdk` from your `package.json` after completing this guide.

## Adding the new dependency

> To add the Protocol Kit to your project, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the Protocol Kit to your project, run the following:
```

```bash
yarn add @safe-global/protocol-kit@1.3.0
```

> If you use the types library you will need to update to v2.3.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the types library, you will need to update to v2.3.0:
```

```bash
yarn add @safe-global/safe-core-sdk-types@2.3.0
```

## `EthAdapter`

### `EthersAdapter` (safe-ethers-lib)

> `EthersAdapter` isn't in a separate package anymore. Now it's provided inside the `protocol-kit` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EthersAdapter` isn't in a separate package anymore. Now, it's provided inside the `protocol-kit` package.
```

**`protocol-kit v1` only supports `ethers v5`**

```typescript
// old
import EthersAdapter from '@safe-global/safe-ethers-lib'

// new
import { EthersAdapter } from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'
```

> You can remove `@safe-global/safe-ethers-lib` from your `package.json` after this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this change, you can remove `@safe-global/safe-ethers-lib` from your `package.json`.
```

### `Web3Adapter` (safe-web3-lib)

> `Web3Adapter` is not in a separate package anymore. Now it's provided inside the `protocol-kit` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Web3Adapter` isn't in a separate package anymore. Now, it's part of the `protocol-kit` package.
```

> **`protocol-kit v1` only supports `Web3.js v1`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** `protocol-kit` v1 only supports Web3.js v1.
```

```typescript
// old
import Web3Adapter from '@safe-global/safe-web3-lib'

// new
import { Web3Adapter } from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'
```

> You can remove `@safe-global/safe-web3-lib` from your `package.json` after this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this change, you can remove `@safe-global/safe-web3-lib` from your `package.json`.
```

> ### Types changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Type changes
```

> There are type changes affecting web3 and ethers adapter libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type changes are affecting the web3 and ethers adapter libraries.
```

> `getSafeContract`, `getMultisendContract`, `getMultisendCallOnlyContract`, `getCompatibilityFallbackHandlerContract`, `getSafeProxyFactoryContract`, `getSignMessageLibContract` and `getCreateCallContract` don't need the `chainId` parameter any more, they will use the chain set on the provider. Also they return a `Promise` now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getSafeContract`, `getMultisendContract`, `getMultisendCallOnlyContract`, `getCompatibilityFallbackHandlerContract`, `getSafeProxyFactoryContract`, `getSignMessageLibContract` and `getCreateCallContract` don't need the `chainId` parameter anymore, they will use the chain set on the provider. Also, they return a `Promise` now.
```

> `estimateGas` returns now a `string` instead of a `number`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`estimateGas` returns now a `string` instead of a `number`
```

Reviewer: Ah, my bad. Just updated :)

## `safeFactory.deploySafe()`

`SafeDeploymentConfig` was simplified. If you were using a `saltNonce` you should set it like this:

```typescript
// old
const safeAccountConfig: SafeAccountConfig = {
  ...
}
const safeDeploymentConfig: SafeDeploymentConfig = { saltNonce }

const safeSdk = await safeFactory.deploySafe({ safeAccountConfig, safeDeploymentConfig })

// new
const safeAccountConfig: SafeAccountConfig = {
  ...
}

const saltNonce = '<YOUR_CUSTOM_VALUE>'

const safeSdk = await safeFactory.deploySafe({ safeAccountConfig, saltNonce })
```

## `getAddress()`

> The get address method now returns a Promise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getAddress()` method now returns a `Promise`.
```

```typescript
// old
const safeAddress = safeSdk.getAddress()

// new
const safeAddress = await protocolKit.getAddress()
```

> ## General types changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## General type changes
```

> If you set `safeTxGas`, `baseGas`, or `gasPrice` you must use type `string` instead of `number`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set `safeTxGas`, `baseGas`, or `gasPrice`, you must use the type `string` instead of `number`.
```
